A general explanation of terms and design

Applet - A small applet or application built into No Limit Connect.
Kodi Applet - Kodi built into application as a "Applet". For more info visit https://kodi.wiki/view/Main_Page
    NOTE: Kodi is not currently enabled as a feature.

Offer - a offer from a user to video chat or be a friend etc.
Video Chat - built in plugin for Video Chat between users
Messenger - built in plugin for Text messages, Pictures, Video etc. between users ( similar to phones text messaging )
File Share - built in plugin to serve files to self or users with sufficient permission level
Cam Server - built in plugin to serve streaming video from camera. Has built in motion detection and recording security cam features
Truth Or Dare - built in game plugin to play video chat truth or dare game
Relay Service - Foreword or "Relay" packets from one user to another for users that cannot connect directly to each other
    Relay Service is provided by any Host Service except Network Host
Voice Phone - built in plugin for voice communication (VOIP) between users.
Push To Talk - built in pugin for walkie talkie style one button press voice transmit to another user.

Library - Applet that manages local media that a user may play/share/delete etc.
Personal Notes - Applet for taking text, voice, or video notes for personal use.



User - end user. may or may not have joined goup(s)
    1.) User level permissions allow/disallow offers and/or users media access via "Friendship Level"

Group User - A user that has joined a Group, Chat Room or Random Connect Host.

Friendship Level - although named differently for "Users" and "Group Host" etc. the permission level 
   uses the same mechanisim of permission ( per plugin or per user )
    1.) None - resource is completely disabled and no access is allowed at all or if is user then user is added to ignore list
    2.) Anonymous - allow resource access to anyone
    3.) Guest - allow access to user granted "Guest" permission to group or user resources with 
        Permission Level Guest or Annonymous
        NOTE: When you join a group or host then the other users that joined that group or host
        are temporarily elevated from anonymous to guest if they are currently anonymouse.
    4.) Friend - allow access to user granted "Friend" permission to group or user resources with
         Permission Level Friend or Guest or Annonymous 
    5.) Admin - allow access to user granted "Admin" permission to group or user resources with
         Permission Level Admin or Friend or Guest or Annonymous  

NoLimitConnect - This application 

Host - Group, Chat Room or Random Connect services for a group of users.
    1.) Admin of permissions to join hosted group or remove user from group
    2.) Relay of data services for when users cannot connect directly
    3.) Search Service to search for people or resources within hosted group 
    4.) Help setup direct connections between users
    5.) Can provide Open Port Connection Test if admin desires.
           
Network Host
    1.) Allow search for Group Hosts, Chat Hosts and Random Connect Hosts for end users to find "Groups" with similar interests    
    2.) Provides connection information for Group, Chat Room and Random Connect hosts.
    3.) Provides Open Port Connection Test service.  
    4.) Does NOT provide relay services.

Network Key
    Used as part of data traffic encryption. All users/hosts/network hosts have to use the same key or cannot connect to each other.

Listen Port
    TCP protocal port that application listens for incomming connections. 
    If port is blocked then relay services of host will be required in most cases.
    Network Host, Group, Chat Room and Random Connect hosts all require an open listen port.

          
